sentence,predicted,correct_label
me: [being pulled out of my flipped car] can you get my ipod nano paramedic: no me: ok,1,1
"""Part Of Your World"" was almost cut from ""The Little Mermaid.""",1,0
"I thought I won the argument with my wife as to how to arrange the dining room furniture... But when I got home, the tables were turned.",1,1
What's up with black people? They're not black... And they're not people.,1,1
To formally reintroduce ourselves: we are a group of radical BIPOC interpreters across multiple intersections bringing access to Social Justice movements in Southern California! Our time our love our hands will fight for what is right,1,0
I fucked an arthritic woman yesterday. What a cracker.,1,1
"In 2011, Queen Elizabeth II agreed to act in a James Bond skit with Daniel Craig for the Olympics, breaking royal protocol. When asked if she wanted a speaking part, she replied, ""Of course I must say something. After all, he is coming to rescue me.""",1,1
"Contentment is not the fulfillment of what you want, but the realization of how much you already have",1,0
"""He's not sleeping with you cause you're fat and ugly, so lose some weight and do your make up like this."" - Women's magazines, summarized.",1,1
What did the husband tell his wife to do after he slapped her? The same thing he told her the first time!,1,1
"I wanna tell my girlfriend she's using way too much teeth when she goes down on me, but I don't want to hurt her feelings. How do I soften the blow?",1,1
"Sometimes I have to sleep in the guest bedroom because my wife snores, but I don't want to embarrass her so I tell people it's because of her farts.",1,1
To create a busy and fulling dating life you must learn how to quickly pick yourself up and try again after getting rejected by a girl. So on this previous episode we'll cover how to deal with your feelings when this happens so you don't ever get depressed after getting rejected.,1,0
"""People have scars in all sorts of unexpected places, like secret road maps of their personal histories, diagrams of all their old wounds.""",1,0
This is an unbelievable statistic: 18% of all statistics are falsely inflated 106% of the time.,1,1
"""Oooh lovely, Jehovas Witnesses"" I said as I answered the door.... ""Come inside and sit down while I put the kettle on"" ""You don't have to do that"" they said... ""I do if I'm going to pour boiling water over you""",1,1
A study conducted by a group of scientists shows that women that have more than 25% body fat live longer than the men who mention it to them,1,1
If you call someone from America American and someone from Mexico Mexican what do you call someone from Tibet? Chinese,1,1
"My girlfriend usually has peanut butter toast for breakfast, but this morning we were out of bread, and she's been grouchy all day. I never knew she was lack-toast intolerant.",1,1
"I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work",1,1
"""Latchkey incontinence"" is the phenomenon where the closer you get to a bathroom, the more you need to go. It's also referred to as Key-in-Lock Syndrome.",1,0
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction So I packed up my stuff and right,1,1
"I don’t watch a lot of reality TV, but I am now watching a really popular show. My question is, how do you put up with the endless repeating of information? These people are just reiterating and having the same conversations over and over. Is this enjoyable?",1,0
"Only one plane was allowed to take off after all others were grounded on September 11th, 2001. It was a plane carrying antivenin to a man who was bitten by a highly venomous snake. The plane was escorted by two fighter jets.",1,0
"Do you feel like you're always walking away empty handed after your interactions with girls? Well on this previous episode, I shared an idea from the Burning Man festival that can completely turn things around for you. It's the idea of ""gifting"" giving without expecting anything.",1,0
People with gender dysphoria tend to be great businessmen. Every action they take is a trans-action.,1,1
"Paddy wanted to buy a Labrador.. Mick said ""Fuck that, have you seen how many of their owners go blind!""",1,1
"When I take my wife on dates, I don't open the door for her. It's not that I'm not chivalrous, it's just that the door on the bus opens itself.",1,1
My girlfriend wanted to have a talk about how childish i am But she didn't have the secret password to my pillow fort so she couldn't get in,1,1
"Just tell me you love me, like I love you. You know you do. - Toy Story 3",1,0
"""It's like we're going on a train that's going 200 miles an hour... It'd be so nice to get off. To stand on the platform for just a minute.""",1,0
"Halloween is less than a week away, but who's celebrating this weekend? Tweet us some of your favorite treats and traditions to share!",1,0
Where do Muslim hipsters shop for clothes? Turban Outfitters!,1,1
"Responding to stereotype of ""angry black women"" by suppressing emotion isn't healthy and is part of Strong Black Woman syndrome. Resist",1,0
"My roommate claims i'm schizophrenic. Jokes on him, I don't have a roommate.",1,1
I bet deaf people get really confused when they talk to someone who is applying hand lotion...,1,1
"My girlfriend told me that if I ever cheated on her, it would be worse if it was with a black girl. I told her she was wrong. It'd only be three-fifths as bad.",1,1
"The way you make a woman feel good when she's around you, is by being relaxed, saying what you're actually thinking and having fun with her.",1,0
A house is made of walls and beams; a home is built with love and dreams.,1,0
"You have no idea how something as simple as a 'hey, how are you?' in person or text can make someone's day. Go ask someone.",1,0
"Welcome to our chat tonight. If you wanna add to the convo, don't forget to use the Auntie Red Tweet Tea hashtag.",1,0
"""I think I'll miss you forever, like the stars miss the sun in the morning skies."" - Lana Del Rey.",1,0
Welcome to Auntie Red Tweet Tea. If you have any questions or want to contribute to the conversation remember to use the hashtag above.,1,0
People of all pronouns are hot.,1,0
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.,1,1
Where do beekeepers stay on vacation? Air bee and bee.,1,1
What did Tennessee. The same thing Arkansas.,1,1
What do you call a Muslim woman without a burka? Dead.,1,1
What's the difference between magic and black magic? Black magic doesn't work.,1,1
"People who work an average of 11 or more hours a day are 67% more likely to die from a heart attack, according to a study published in the Annals of Internal Medicine.",1,0
